General-Features: expand on profiles section (#80)
runelite/wiki: General-Features.md

### Profiles

> Profiles are separate sets of plugins and settings that can be switched between at any time. They can be managed under a tab in configuration panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiles are separate sets of plugins and settings that can be switched between at any time. They can be managed under a tab in the configuration panel.
```

![](img/profiles.png)

> Below each profile are buttons to interact with them. From left to right, the buttons are: rename, duplicate, export to file, toggle cloud sync, and delete. Cloud sync is available when you are logged in to the client using a runelite.net account. Profiles can be dragged to re-order them.

Reviewer: There's also the link button to link the config profile to an RSProfile, currently only when logged in to the game.

Additionally, consider letting people know how cloud sync enabled looks like (orange = enabled).

Author: I wasn't aware of the ability to link to an RSProfile. I'll look into that and mention it

I suppose that mentioning orange means enabled can't hurt either.

Author: Added a mention to the "link to runescape account" button, another mention for orange means enabled, and updated the inlined image to show all the buttons

### Profiles

Profiles are separate sets of plugins and settings that can be switched between at any time. They can be managed under a tab in the configuration panel.

![](img/profiles.png)

Clicking the arrow to the right of a profile will expand it to reveal the buttons used to interact with the profile. From left to right, the buttons are: 
 1. Rename profile
 2. Duplicate profile
 3. Export profile
 4. Set profile as default for the current RuneScape account
     - Must be logged in to the game using a RuneScape account
 5. Enable cloud sync
     - Must be logged in to the client using a RuneLite.net account
 6. Delete profile
 

> Clicking the arrow to the right of the profile while it is already expanded will select the profile. You can also double-click a profile to select it. Profiles can be re-ordered by dragging them. Toggleable buttons will turn orange to indicate they are enabled. The currently selected profile is indicated by the orange bar highlight on its left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the arrow to the right of the profile while it is already expanded will activate the profile. You can also double-click a profile to activate it. Profiles can be re-ordered by dragging them. Toggleable buttons will turn orange to indicate they are enabled. The currently activated profile is indicated by the orange bar highlight on its left.
```

### Profiles

Profiles are separate sets of plugins and settings that can be switched between at any time. They can be managed under a tab in the configuration panel.

![](img/profiles.png)

> Below each profile are buttons to interact with them. Toggled buttons will turn orange to indicate they are enabled. From left to right, the buttons are: 

Reviewer: Technically there's also the button that activates/switches to a profile (``>``). Sometimes people have difficulty switching profiles, because they don't understand that they have to click the ``>`` twice if they haven't 'expanded' that profile yet (once to 'expand' it, the second time to actually switch profiles).
Maybe you could add the switch profile button somewhere, and instructions on how to switch profile? That could also include some brief info on how the user knows the profile is active (orange bar).

Rest of the changes LGTM!

Author: Added an explanation for the button that expands/activates a profile, and a mention that the currently selected profile is indicated by the orange bar. Thanks for the feedback!

Profiles are separate sets of plugins and settings that can be switched between at any time. They can be managed under a tab in configuration panel.

![](img/profiles.png)

Below each profile are buttons to interact with them. From left to right, the buttons are: rename, duplicate, export to file, toggle cloud sync, and delete. Cloud sync is available when you are logged in to the client using a runelite.net account. Profiles can be dragged to re-order them.

By default the profile loaded on startup will be the one that was most recently active. To load a specific profile on startup you can pass `--profile=<profilename>` to the launcher.

Advanced users that previously utilized the old method of passing a `--session` and/or `--config` parameter should now instead use `--profile`.  An import feature was included to facilitate taking all the distinct settings created by those and creating profiles from them, simply select to import and navigate to the directory containing the settings and select them individually. 

> More info on the importing procedure can be found in [[this FAQ entry | FAQ#how-do-i-convert-the-previous-multi-sessionsetting-file-to-a-profile]]

Reviewer 2: This link currently works even though the view field renderer doesn't think it does. Any reason for changing it?

Author: It seemed broken when I was viewing my changes. How are you viewing it such that it works?

I can change it back.

Reviewer 2: The wiki here https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/General-Features

Author: Reeverted that change
